hello you magnificent beautiful cats and
dogs out there you took like ads here I
don't care with another video I just
want to go say if there's anything I'm
doing right please let me know if
there's anything I'm doing wrong please
let me know in the comments below let's
jump into this video I want to talk
about AOL games something that we may
never see in our lifespan I know
sad face because the adult-only market
for video games is growing rapidly what
I think about it most of these companies
are the powerhouses they are because of
me and you that's right the gamers
who've been playing these games since we
were kids and now we're being left in
the wayside for you know kids and casual
gamers and of course the other growing
FPS market trying to grab everybody's
attention with growing guns and
explosions in there more explosions and
you'll find in the fucking Michael Bay
movie but I digress people I want to see
an a-hole game because seriously like I
said there is a growing audience of us
who've been playing these games since we
were kids and we love to go see a game
where we get the writer all the tools
they need to actually craft a beautiful
story dealing with tough and sensitive
situations that the gaming parts will be
filled that us as gamers aren't ready to
handle another thing I like to call
bullshit on who gives the gamers the
parts to be sorry the parts of me little
power and resources to say what it is
that us as gamers are not ready to have
them these sensitive subjects of course
as always aren't things like rape racism
actual war crimes or being a captive of
war so forth and so on
everything under the moon anything that
can be viewed as controversial I think
if we actually did put an arrow game out
and all these things could actually be
explored if they were handcrafted Lee
well with an intricate story much like
the movies handle sudden situations like
this it would be a great viewing
experience for us as gamers because
gaming is a visual art form that we
choose to play for entertainment now it
is up to us to decide what is and what
isn't entertaining
and what is and what isn't so fucking
far but our voice has never really heard
and nobody really gives a rat's ass
which is a damn shame because us as
gamers should really stand up and say
something about this subject matter I am
sick and tired of the fact that I'm
giving an M rated game and in this
integrated game it's only a handful of M
rated games they're actually deserving
of a mature rating anything under the
moon of excessive violence or maybe
tasteful sex it's considered M rated
this is bullshit and this is just
asinine is stupid I'm not asking for the
nc-17 equivalent of video game I'm not
asking for Japanese rape game what I'm
asking for is for a mature story for an
adult to enjoy and that is the mind of
the development team the mindset of the
writer and the purpose of this game to
exist to entertain a more mature
audience
who has been playing video games since
they were a kid and now they are an
adult there are movies that portray
these same concepts and ideas that this
is set up to be a very mature movie for
a mature audience
who enjoys these type of situations or
can handle the truth of the events that
go above these type of situations
I mean rent has been done in movies
racism has been done in movies and
everything that gaming comes on the fire
about being too fucking much has come in
movies that's even the death of fucking
children movies don't get bitch about it
as much as cami I really don't know why
because I think it should either all be
bad or it should be all be good but
that's just my thoughts who knows the
world works in Reverse or the world's
just fucked up whatever one has a very
strong passionate gamer who's been
playing games for a long time I really
urge the industry to rethink its whole
clamp-on never wanting to go poor
adult-only games for consoles if they
really think about it this will probably
and maybe finally hammer to fucking
known heads of these anymore parents
that buy their kids these games without
understanding when
it's told that you have to be 21 in
order to play this game and that your
kids will be able to have sex in this
game are those subject matters that
you're okay well if your kids to be
seeing or adventuring upon in it really
comes down to the choices of parents and
I don't know most of these dumb parents
will still give your kids to game you
didn't complain about it
like five minutes later because they're
too busy talking on their fucking phones
about PTA meetings and whatnot
I don't really fucking care but I
digress people I'm sorry I'm a little
off topic whatever they go get is that
it will probably finally put these
little ignorant snots and their funky
place tell them that they can't have
this game because they're not old enough
to get it it will finally be getting
media that might actually be story
worthy for us as older gamers and above
more else think you can finally push
some of the boundaries that we've been
complaining about in video games that
can't be explored because of its M
rating or whatever rating these are just
my thoughts in my opinions on the
subject matter as always i ask i beg and
i plead with you delete comments and let
me know your thoughts and ideas upon
this subject maybe you feel that AO
games are not the right way to go for
any maybe you feel that adult only games
are pushing it too far maybe you feel
that m-rated games are doing just enough
and i should shut the fuck up I had
disagree with that because no matter
what I'm going to say my opinion I'm the
answer here drink here at RPG may have
talking about the dentals of gaming and
video games or whatever good night
happy boss honey you sexy beautiful cats
and dogs out there new to black